Sphinx documentation (#194)
NCAR/DART: README.rst

Cite DART using the following text:

   The Data Assimilation Research Testbed (Version X.Y.Z) [Software]. (2019).
   Boulder, Colorado: UCAR/NCAR/CISL/DAReS. http://doi.org/10.5065/D6WQ0202

Update the DART version and year as appropriate.

References
----------

.. [1] Anderson, J. L., T. Hoar, K. Raeder, H. Liu, N. Collins, R. Torn and A.
       Arellano, 2009 The Data Assimilation Research Testbed: A Community 
       Facility. *Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society*, **90**,
       1283-1296, `doi:10.1175/2009BAMS2618.1
       <http://dx.doi.org/10.1175/2009BAMS2618.1>`_

.. |spaghetti_square| image:: ./guide/images/DARTspaghettiSquare.gif
   :width: 100%

.. |assim_anim| image:: ./guide/images/science_nuggets/AssimAnim.gif
   :width: 100%

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: Getting started

   guide/system-requirements
   guide/fortran-compiler
   guide/locating-netcdf-library
   guide/downloading-dart
   guide/compiling-dart
   guide/verifying-installation

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :caption: What is data assimilation?

   guide/introduction-ensemble-da
   guide/lorenz-63-model
   guide/da-in-dart-with-lorenz-63

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

>    :caption: What is DART?

Reviewer: Is all this supposed to be here?
It shows up when you are on the GitHub code site.

Author: open question. The toctree directives will show up if you have the index for Sphinx and the GitHub readme as the same file

I would vote for having the GitHub as README.md.  For example, 
https://github.com/NCAR/wrf_hydro_py/blob/master/README.md
or
https://github.com/NCAR/VAPOR/tree/main

Reviewer: Nothing we can do about it ... 
Could have content in README.md and toc stuff in README.rst ... TJH: I don't know which one actually gets shown on GitHub ...

models, and real or synthetic observations to allow increased
understanding of all three. It provides a framework for developing, testing,
and distributing advances in ensemble DA to a broad community of users by
removing the implementation-specific peculiarities of one-off DA systems.

These tools are intended for use by the full range of geosciencies community:
beginners and experts; students and teachers; national centers and university
research labs.

Organization of the documentation
---------------------------------

Because of DART's extensive scope, this documentation is detailed and
carefully organized, enabling you to easily find the information you need. If
you have any questions or suggestions for improvements, please contact DAReS
staff by emailing dart@ucar.edu.

The documentation is partitioned into three parts:

- a user guide that explains how to install DART and perform data assimilation
- source code documentation that provides a detailed description of the
  programs and modules in the repository
- a comprehensive description of data assimilation theory

Manhattan Release
-----------------

> The Manhattan release is new and currently supports only a subset of the
> models. DAReS staff will port over any requested model. Email dart@ucar.edu
> if yours is not on the list.

Reviewer 2: here's a suggested rewrite of this paragraph:

```suggestion
DART releases are named based on the major version number.   The current version, 9.x.x,  is the Manhattan release. 
Email dart@ucar.edu for advice if you are interested in a model which has not been converted from the previous Lanai release.
```

i don't think we want to volunteer to convert any requested model, and i'm just avoiding too many details here.

Reviewer 3: I agree. Nancy's wording is more realistic of the level of support we can provide.
